All righty.
So we're moving right along.
In this video, we'll read the application properties,
and also inject some spring beans.
Under our source main resources,
we have our application.properties file,
and we have a collection of name value pairs here
or properties.
And what we want to do is reference some
of these values in our spring boot test.
And I can access those by using the @Value annotation.
Just to get started,
I'll go ahead and set up a static counter here.
We'll make use of it later in one of our test methods.
And then we'll go ahead and access the app info.
Here, I'll give the @Value, dollar sign curly brace,
and then give the name of the actual property,
which is info.app.name.
And I'll just take this, and I'll copy paste it
X number of times for some of the other properties.
So I'll update this one for app description,
and an app version,
and school name.
And we had an extra one down here.
We actually don't need this one, so I'll delete it.
All right. So we've read in all of those properties here,
and just verifying what we have up top.
So this all matches up.
We can actually access those properties here
on our spring boot test.
And then I'll inject some spring beans.
So I'll inject the college student,
and I'll also inject the student grades.
Let me stretch out here
and get myself some room to work with.
I'll set up a before each method
that'll run before each one of our test.
And I'll simply add some diagnostics,
and some initialization work here in this method.
And as far as the diagnostic work,
I'll just print out some
of our properties that we've read in.
I'll also do some initialization work
on our student object that we autowired.
Okay. So this method looks pretty good.
Let's go ahead and run the test.
We'll take a look at the output.
And this information that you see here
testing my super cool grade book,
that's information that we're reading
from the application.properties file.
And this appears because of the @ before each.
So the method that runs every time
before each one of the tests,
and we also have our counter there to keep track
of how many times we've executed that given item.
All right. So this looks pretty good.
I like it.